Update readme: ILP -> mesh-lockup (#28)
CosmWasm/mesh-security: README.md

4. The `mesh-provider` contract (on Osmosis) gets the unbonding period for this cross stake by querying
   the `slasher` contract
5. After the unbonding period has passed (eg. 2 weeks, 4 weeks) the `mesh-provider` contract
   informs the `mesh-lockup` contract that it removes its claim.
6. If the user's stake in the `mesh-lockup` contract has not more claims on it, they can withdraw their stake.

Slashing:

> 1. Someone calls a method to submit evidence of Juno misbehavior on the `slasher` contract (on Osmosis).
> 2. The `slasher` contract verifies that a slashing event has indeed occured and makes a contract call to the

Author: ```suggestion
1. Someone calls a method to submit evidence of Juno misbehavior on the `meta-slasher` contract (on Osmosis).
2. The `meta-slasher` contract verifies that a slashing event has indeed occurred and makes a contract call to the
```
